---
layout: meeting
description: Grant Approval Discussion, Supanova Brisbane Volunteering
date: 2017-10-10
time:
  open: '20:09'
  close: '20:28'
members:
  - Michael King
  - Rosa Tong
  - Ian Haly
  - Jaimyn Mayer
  - Jeff Turner
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Alex Wixted
  - Sven Hanzka
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Megs Drinkwater
  - Lincoln Phillips
  - Craig Rea
  - Craig Hudson-Taylor
  - Miles Whiticker
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Eris Ryan
  - Blair Calderara
  - James Beecham
author: Michael King
signed: Brendan Halliday
---

## Agenda
- Grant Approval Discussion
- Supanova Brisbane Volunteering

## Meeting Notes
- The 50% grant has been approved, and discussions were held on which thicknesser/planer and which panbrake to purchase with the grant money; Joshua has indicated that additional money would be requested to purchase a higher-quality product
- Brisbane Supanova is coming up, and we require volunteers to assist with the operation of the booth for the three days of the convention; please indicate your availability on the applicable forum thread
- This meeting was the first that was held outdoors on-site, as a number of members were assisting with the construction of the new container roof
- There are upcoming classes, including silver-smithing classes with RABKA on the 19th of November; there will be more welding classes scheduled

## Treasury Report
- $4500 for causes to spend

## Votes
- Request for further funds for the thicknesser/planer and panbrake; 7 opposed, 5 abstained, ****motion passed****.

## Thanks
- Buzz for organising the purchase of the container roof
- A number of members for assisting with the construction the new container roof
- Drew for organising welding classes
- Craig for organising woodshop gatherings
