---
layout: meeting
description: General Discussion
date: 2017-09-12
time:
  open: '20:03'
  close: '20:09'
members:
  - Michael King
  - Phil Thompson
  - Alex Wixted
  - Eris Ryan
  - Amy Mack
  - Blair Calderara
  - Ian Haly
  - Jeff Turner
  - Scott Wilson
  - Miles
  - James Churchill
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Craig Hudson-Taylor
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Lincoln Phillips
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Steph Piper
author: Michael King
signed: Brendan Halliday
---

## Agenda
- Brisbane Festival Volunteers
- Site Security

## Meeting Notes
- Brisbane Festival - we still require more volunteers for the Brisbane Festival for our booth, please sign up on the applicable forum page
- Security on site - we have had notifications that the gate is being left open when there is nobody on-site, please lock the gate if you are the last person on site
- There is still a woofer position available for bathroom maintenance, please apply
- Brisbane Supanova - information has been given with regards to what we are able to offer and what we are able to utilise; please refer to the appropriate Slack channel for more details

## Treasury Report
- Not provided

## Votes
- No voting issues listed

## Thanks
- Beau and Mike for cleaning toilets
- Beau and Steph for mopping the Green Room floor
- Scott for new (to us) servers
- Jeff for donations

