## Agenda
- Proposed budget for projector ($1200)
- MakerFest Wrap-up
- New Stickers
- Proposed budget for Woodshop container purchase ($3500)
- Proposed budget for Woodshop working bee materials ($1500)

## Meeting Notes
- MakerFest wrap-up, this was the inaugural event, and as such it was a small one. It was held at the Edge at South Bank, and was a good start for what hopes to be more events like it in the future. Most importantly, an announcement was made of a Government grant to hackerspaces of $450,000 over two years (new hackerspaces will receive $20,000, existing hackerspaces will receive $10,000); we are open to suggestions for grant requests, would prefer that all causes offer suggestions as we would prefer to spread the funding relatively equally
- The coffee machines in the foyer are now operational, if you have your own cups please use these as we are awaiting the arrival of disposable cups for the machines. Please feel free to make use of these as they require testing
- There is an opening available for the upcoming Screen Printing workshop
- A reminder that we do operate open days on the first Saturday of the month, please attend these if possible as we do need people to give tours
- A notice that Josh (Woodshop cause leader) will be conducting weekly table-saw inductions, please book in for these
- An announcement of new stickers being available to promote HSBNE, please take and spread these around

## Treasury Report
- $44000 in the bank, $30000 for emergency/moving funds, $6500 for causes to spend

## Votes
- Proposed budget for projector, this to replace the second-hand ones that are of questionable operability, it was proposed that we obtain a projector, screen and room fittings for the classroom; if we are able to replace the bulb for the projector we currently have then this is okay as well; 1 member opposed, 1 member abstained, ****motion passed****.
- Proposed budget for Woodshop container, originally requested for placement of dust extractor instead of a shed, this can also be used to store materials and tooling as well as for spray painting; will also come in useful for site transfer as we would be able to move it if we are the owners of it; this would override the previously approved $1000 budget for the shed; 1 member opposed, 3 members abstained, ****motion passed****.
- Proposed budget for Woodshop working bee materials, this would allow for the construction of modular benches for tooling and storage of materials; 0 members opposed, 2 members abstained, ****motion passed****.

## Thanks
- All personnel that attended MakerFest
- Doc for helping at HSBNE on the open day
- Karl for good works in regards to reminding personnel to clean space
- Jeff for taking tours, especially as he is new to the 'Space
- Beau for plumbing the water cooler

---
layout: meeting
description: Meeting
date: 2017-06-06
time:
  open: '20:07'
  close: '20:26'
members:
  - Michael King
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Steph Piper
  - Robert Lawrence
  - Ian Haly
  - Brendan Halliday
  - James Churchill
  - Cassie Cawthray
  - Meka Beecham
  - Mike Anderson
  - Meg Drinkwater
  - Rosa Tong
  - Alex Uhde
  - Eris Ryan
  - Lucas Oldfield
  - Wayne Bruce
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Blair Calderara
  - Luke Hovington
author: Michael King
signed: David Buzz
---