---
layout: meeting
description: General Business
date: 2018-01-09
time:
  open: '2050'
  close: '2130'
members:
  - Fiona Findlay
  - Scott Wilson
  - Mike Ando
  - Blair Calderara
  - Anja Dreyer
  - Jaimyn Mayer
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Meka Beecham
  - Craig Hudson-Taylor
  - Lucas Oldfield
  - Craig Rea
  - Lincoln Phillips
  - Eris Ryan
  - Chris Noonan
  - Nathan Beveridge
  - Lysa Singh
  - Michael King
  - Michael Richmond
  - Rosa Tong
  - Meg Drinkwater
  - Brendan Halliday
author: Michael King
signed: Brendan Halliday
---

## Agenda
- No agenda items listed

## Meeting Notes
- The new Northshore Hamilton tenancy rules and regulations are now in operation, please make yourself aware of these
- Our new Customer Resource Management system has been chosen; we will be using Sheep as the operator was able to give us a decent rate
- As of this meeting there are 325 days remaining on our lease, which gives us a 6 month window to seek out a new location and move to it; the afforability of the new site is currently an issue to our continued viability, so we will be actively promoting attraction and retention of members; currently we require an additional 30-50 new members to potentially obtain and sustain a new site; full-cost memberships will need to be promoted, as well as potential fundraising options or ongoing funding options (such as Patreon); discussions were also held regarding cost-effectiveness of the current set-up of HSBNE (whether we may need to separate the sites), as well as sub-leasing and energy use

## Treasury Report
- No treasury data given

## Votes
- No voting items listed

## Thanks
- Mike, Meka and Fiona for overhauling Craft Punk
- All personnel inolved in the Group Culture session, especially Drew for chairing the meeting
- Doc for overhauling the seerver room